very good to all the boys and girls
In a few moments, it will begin
nintendo draytek today
surprising the news of this nintendo
tight in which it was released during
last days the truth is that nobody
I expected him to have nintendo behind
of the manga will really surprise us
with something or think to remind us of
dates of those titles that we know
who are coming to their consoles
both nintendo 3ds and win a lot
attention because cuius is played a lot in
this nintendo tired although you do not know
and it is that you already know that we are in full
Christmas and now is when you have to
convince people that it is a great
console and that has a lot to offer
the truth is that it is super mario 3d wall
He has done it so far but
we want to see new things and Well
if it can be in this nintendo tired that
surprise us, you really think that
nintendo could surprise us with something
that we have not seen so far
that has not been announced until the
moment we will be very aware of that
nintendo tired I know
celebrates in a few moments from
three in the afternoon you can see her in the
official nintendo website so
all attentive because they could advertise
great things of course in this channel
that nintendo tired and in the
voice of the gamers this week also
we'll talk about it by the way
watching the new news design of
channel in order to avoid bad
understood with the coincidences of
third-party content I hope you do not
bother a lot to have to see certain
smaller images and to make up for it
I wanted to put more information to
the right of the screen the
platforms on which we will be
talking are very pending starting
at 3 o'clock in the afternoon from that nintendo
direct